README.md, before:

# MSkold - Awesome-CoPilot 

A collection of specialized GitHub Copilot agents for various development tasks.

## Available Agents

### Azure DevOps Extension Developer
[![Install in VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-Install-0098FF?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)](ttps://aka.ms/awesome-copilot/install/agent?url=vscode%3Achat-agent%2Finstall%3Furl%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2F=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mskold-ab/Awesome-CoPilot/refs/heads/main/agents/Modern%20Extension%20Developer?token=GHSAT0AAAAAADTKZYPEUFLO4PMI255IVGS62MN4QDA)<br />
Expert agent for developing Azure DevOps extensions, including:
<a href="vscode:chat-agent/install?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mskold-ab/Awesome-CoPilot/refs/heads/main/agents/Modern%20Extension%20Developer">test</a>
- Web extensions and UI contributions
- Custom build and release tasks
- Service hooks and webhooks
- Work item tracking extensions
- REST API integration

**Location:** `.github/agents/azure-devops-extension-developer.yml`

**Expertise:**
- TypeScript/JavaScript development
- Azure DevOps Extension SDK
- VSS Web Extension SDK
- Pipeline task development
- Extension packaging and publishing

## Using These Agents

These agents are custom GitHub Copilot agents that can be used in repositories that have GitHub Copilot enabled. To use an agent:

1. Ensure your repository has GitHub Copilot enabled
2. Reference the agent in your `.github/agents/` directory
3. Invoke the agent through GitHub Copilot's interface

## Contributing

To add a new agent:
1. Create a new YAML file in `.github/agents/`
2. Define the agent's name, description, and instructions
3. Update this README with the agent information

Commit message:

Revise README for agent information and formatting
Updated the README to include new agents and corrected formatting issues.

README.md, after:

# MSkold - Awesome-CoPilot 

A collection of specialized GitHub Copilot agents for various development tasks.

## Available Agents

| Title | Description | MCP Servers |
| ----- | ----------- | ----------- |
|[Azure DevOps Extension Developer](../agents/ModernExtensionDeveloper/ModerneExtensionDeveloper.md)
[![Install in VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-Install-0098FF?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)](https://aka.ms/awesome-copilot/install/agent?url=vscode%3Achat-agent%2Finstall%3Furl%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2F=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mskold-ab/Awesome-CoPilot/refs/heads/main/agents/Modern%20Extension%20Developer?token=GHSAT0AAAAAADTKZYPEUFLO4PMI255IVGS62MN4QDA)<br />
|
Expert agent for developing Azure DevOps extensions, including:
- Web extensions and UI contributions
- Custom build and release tasks
- Service hooks and webhooks
- Work item tracking extensions
- REST API integration

||
|[Planing Agent](../agents/PlaningAgent/PlaningAgent.md)
[![Install in VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-Install-0098FF?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)](https://aka.ms/awesome-copilot/install/agent?url=vscode%3Achat-agent%2Finstall%3Furl%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2F=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mskold-ab/Awesome-CoPilot/refs/heads/main/agents/Modern%20Extension%20Developer?token=GHSAT0AAAAAADTKZYPEUFLO4PMI255IVGS62MN4QDA)<br />
|
Agent for assisting in agile delivery planing, including:
- Read and manage backlogs
- Read and manage iterations 
- Evaluate complexity/size of issues
- Estimate time to delivery based on velocity 
- 
  

||
